Create README.md (#31)
FelixStegmeier/wicked_migration_server: README.md

# Wicked Migration

Provides a webserver for migrating Wicked configuration files to NetworkManager configuration files.

### Build:

`cargo build --release`

### Run Server:

Options
| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| -s     | Specify where static files are located |
| -i     | Set IP address |
| -p     | Set port |
| -d     | Set location for the database |
| -h     | Show help information |

> Configuration files are automatically deleted after 5 minutes or upon retrieval.

Reviewer: I think it would make sense to mention somewhere that configurations are stored in the configured temp directory and also that podman is required to be installed.

### Migration:

Migration can be accessed through a web frontend or the commandline:

#### Commandline:

> multiple files:

Reviewer: You say `multiple files` but provide the command for the single file endpoint. Also I would say an example for both the single file and multiple files endpoint are useful.

> `curl -v -L POST -H  "Content-Type: application/xml" --data-binary "@/path/to/eth0.xml" <ipaddr>:<port> --output /path/to/output.tar`

Reviewer: This doesn't work, I think you forgot the `-X` before `POST`, but that is implicit with `--data-binary` anyway, so you could remove it or keep it explicit, as you like.
Also since most people don't have a xml with their config lying around I would maybe add a command that doesn't take a file but instead directly uses the output of `wicked show-config`

### Webfrontend:

> The wicked migration server provides a simple frontend for the migration thats accessible through the browser with `<ipaddr>:<port>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wicked migration server provides a simple frontend for the migration thats accessible through the browser at `http://<ipaddr>:<port>`.
```

# Wicked Migration

Provides a webserver for migrating Wicked configuration files to NetworkManager configuration files.

> ### Build:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build
```

`cargo build --release`

> ### Run Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run Server
```

Requirements: Podman needs to be installed for the migration.

Options
| Option | Description |
|--------|-------------|
| -s     | Specify the directory for static files |
| -i     | Set IP address |
| -p     | Set port |
| -d     | Specify the location for the database |
| -h     | Show help information |

Configuration files are stored in the temp directory and are automatically deleted after 5 minutes or upon retrieval.

> ### Migration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Migration
```

> Migration can be accessed through a web frontend or the commandline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migration can be accessed through a web frontend or the commandline
```

> #### Commandline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Commandline
```

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

With wicked:

```
sudo wicked show-config | \
     curl -v -L --output /path/to/output.tar \
     -H "Content-Type: application/xml" \
     --data-binary @- \
     http://<ip>:<port>
```

````

single file:

```
curl -v -L --output /path/to/output.tar \
     -H "Content-Type: application/xml" \
     --data-binary "@/path/to/eth0.xml" \
     http://<ip>:<port>
```

multiple files:

```
curl -v -L --output /path/to/output.tar \
    -F "file=@/path/to/ifcfg-eth0" \
    -F "file=@/path/to/ifcfg-eth1" \
    http://<ip>:<port>/multipart
```

> ### Web Frontend:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Web Frontend
```
